---
title: "Login password"
date: 2020-08-28T10:44:24+08:00
weight: 3
---

###Login password

Account passwords are stored encrypted in the QingCloud system. In addition, the system provides services through HTTPS, ensuring password security. Nevertheless, passwords have their own risks. For example, users may have logged in to the system on insecure computers, entered phishing websites by casual clicks, used same passwords as those for other platforms, or encountered a plaintext password leakage due to platform attacks.

Warning: Strong passwords containing a combination of digits, upper case letters, lower case letters, and special characters are recommended. Try not to use same passwords as those for other platforms, and regularly change your passwords to ensure account security.

###Two-factor authentication

In addition to passwords, you can also enable the two-factor authentication to enhance identify authentication upon account login. The second authentication uses the 2-factor authentication (2FA). After this function is enabled, in addition to your password, a dynamic authentication code will be required. To use this function, do the following:

Step 1: Click "Enable" and confirm to enable the two-factor authentication in the management center.

Step 2: Install applications such as Google Authenticator that support 2FA dynamic code on your mobile phone or other smart terminals. You can find these applications in the Apple Store or Android APP marketplace.

Step 3: On the two-factor authentication page, click "Send" to send a verification code to your registered mobile number. Then enter the code and click "Submit".

Step 4: Enter the installed 2FA application, scan the QR code or manually input the key to add it to the application, and then a real-time code will be generated for your QingCloud account.

If your registered mobile number is not commonly used, you are advised to change it to your commonly used mobile number for receiving verification codes.


After the two-factor authentication is enabled, the system requires you to enter a dynamic authentication code for your next login, as shown in the following figure:

A dynamic code is a 6-digit number, which will be refreshed every 30 seconds. Multiple people and terminals can be bound to the same keypair for joint account management. If the bound mobile number is unavailable or no keypair is bound on the 2FA app upon login, you can also click "Unable to obtain dynamic code" to log in via SMS verification code.

If your mobile phone is missing, contact QingCloud personnel. We will process your account after verifying your identity.

If you do not need to use the two-factor authentication any more or need to cancel it temporarily, you can disable this option in the management center. When disabling the two-factor authentication, you can also select "invalidate the current keypair and require re-binding for enabling again". If this option is selected, the dynamic code generated by the currently bound keypair cannot be used for authentication if you enable the two-factor authentication again.


###Login failure notification

You can enable this option if you expect to be notified of account login attempts. If this option is enabled, after three failed login attempts with wrong password or wrong authentication code, you will receive SMS notifications from the QingCloud system. If the two-factor authentication fails for multiple times, and the login operation is not performed by yourself or authenticated users, your password may be cracked. In this case, change your password as soon as possible.

